

                                      
                                              Module: (Bootstrap Basic & Advance)
       
                                              Submitted By: Rutvik Ram






  What are the advantages of Bootstrap?
Easy to prevent repetitions among multiple projects
Responsive design that can be used to adapt screen sizes and choose what shows and what doesn’t on any given device
Maintaining consistency among projects when using multiple developer teams
Quick design of prototypes
Cross-browser compatibility

What is a Bootstrap Container, and how does it work?
Containers are the most basic layout element in Bootstrap and are required when using our default grid system. Containers are used to contain, pad, and (sometimes) center the content within them. While containers can be nested, most layouts do not require a nested container.

What are the default Bootstrap text settings?
Bootstrap 4 uses a default font-size of 16px, and its line-height is 1.5. The default font-family is "Helvetica Neue", Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif. In addition, all <p> elements have margin-top: 0 and margin-bottom: 1rem

What do you know about the Bootstrap Grid System?
Bootstrap's grid system uses a series of containers, rows, and columns to layout and align content. It's built with flexbox and is fully responsive. Below is an example and an in-depth look at how the grid comes together.

What is the difference between Bootstrap 4 and Bootstrap 5?
BASIS OF
BOOTSTRAP 4
BOOTSTRAP 5

Grid System
It has 5 tier (xs, sm, md, lg, xl).
It has 6 tier (xs, sm, md, lg, xl, xxl).

Color
It has limited colors.
Extra colors added with the looks, A card improved color palette. there are various shades available to choose.

Jquery
It has jquery and all related plugins.
Jquery is removed and switched to vanilla JS with some working plugins

Internet Explorer
Bootstrap 4 supports both IE 10 and 11.
Bootstrap 5 doesn’t support IE 10 and 11.

Form elements
Radio buttons, checkboxes have different look in different OS and browsers. The form uses whatever default browsers provide.
The look of form elements will not change, on different OS or browser. The forms can be customized and form controls can be added, they would not depend on browser. 

Utilities API
We cannot modify utilities in bootstrap 4
Bootstrap 5 gave freedom to modify and also create our own utility

Gutter
We use .glutter with fontsize in px
We use .g* with fontsize in rem

Vertical Classes
Columns can be positioned relative
Columns cannot be positioned relative

Bootstrap Icons
Bootstrap 4 doesn’t have its own SVG icons, we have to use font-awesome for icons.
Bootstrap 5 have its own SVG icons

Jumbotron
It supports.
It doesn’t support jumbotron.

Card deck
The card deck is used to create a set of cards with equal width and height.
Card deck class in removed in bootstrap

Navbar
We have inline-block property and we will get white dropdown as default for dropdown-menu-dark class.
Inline-block property is removed and we will get black dropdown as default for dropdown-menu-dark class.

Static Site Generator
Bootstrap 4 uses Jekyll software.
Bootstrap 5 uses Hugo software as it is fast static site generator.

flexbox grid
this makes easier to implement vertical designs, and the columns and rows can easily be implemented. the classes justify-center-content can directly be used to align according to the requirement.
advanced grid system is made available , also columns don’t have relative positions.  

RTL Support
It does not enable RTL(Right to Left) switching.
It enables RTL(Right to Left) switching.

Offcanvas Component
It does not support Offcanvas Component.
It supports OffcanvasComponent(that is it is available now).




What is a Button Group, and what is the class for a basic Button Group?
Button Groups” in Bootstrap is a class of name “btn-group” which is used to create series of buttons in groups (without spaces) vertically or horizontally. This is the basic syntax of the button group class where each button has its own class of “btn”

How can you use Bootstrap to make thumbnails?
To create thumbnails using Bootstrap −
Add an <a> tag with the class of .thumbnail around an image.
This adds four pixels of padding and a gray border.
On hover, an animated glow outlines the image.

In Bootstrap 4, what is flexbox?
Bootstrap 4 now uses flexbox, instead of floats, to handle the layout. The Flexible Box Layout Module, makes it easier to design flexible responsive layout structure without using float or positioning.

How can one create an alert in Bootstrap?
Alerts are created with the .alert class, followed by one of the four contextual classes .alert-success, .alert-info, .alert-warning or .alert-danger

What is a bootstrap card and how would you create one?
A card is a flexible and extensible content container. It includes options for headers and footers, a wide variety of content, contextual background colors, and powerful display options.